Code generation documentation (#1)
gonzodepedro/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/Advanced/About-Internal-Interfaces.rst

The ``rcutils`` |API| and implementation are located in the `ros2/rcutils <https://github.com/ros2/rcutils>`_ repository on |GitHub|_ which contains the interface as C headers.

For a complete definition of the ``rcutils`` |API|, see `the rcutils docs <https://docs.ros.org/en/{DISTRO}/p/rcutils/>`_.

Automatic code generation using template files
==============================================

> As mentioned above, in order to deal with different DDS implementations, code has to be generated. Code generation is handled by a clever usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, in order to deal with different DDS implementations, code has to be generated. Code generation is handled by a combination
```

of CMake and Ament. To simplify the explanation of this mechanism let's separate ROS2 projects that generate or need code to be generated in two types.

-  ``Generator`` projects, which are the ones that have the templates and logic to generate code.

> -  ``Client`` projects, which are the ones that need code to be generated, they have the parameters to generate code.

Reviewer: Client as a keyword collides with the "ros client library" verbiage. I might suggest an alternative to `client` to differentiate from `rcl`. I would suggest potentially `interface` projects.

> -  ``Client`` projects, which are the ones that need code to be generated, they have the parameters to generate code.

Author: Change "client" for "interfaces"

For instance, typesupport packages that generate code for a particular dds implementation are *Generator* packages, same case that rosidl which
generates code from ros idl (.msg, .action, etc) files.

*Client* projects are typically projects that define messages, actions and services. Which have .msg files with rosidl defined on them which are
used by *Generator* projects to create code. A package that calls rosidl_generate_interfaces CMake macro is a *Client* project.

Code generation workflow
------------------------

On workspace build, the *generator* packages, registers a portion of CMake code as an ament_extension under 'rosidl_generate_idl_interfaces' key.

Hook registration on CodeGenerator project build

.. mermaid::

    sequenceDiagram
    participant CodeGenerator_cmake
    participant ament_package
    participant ament_register_extension
    CodeGenerator_cmake->>ament_package: CONFIG_EXTRAS
    ament_package->>ament_register_extension: rosidl_generate_idl_interfaces, cmake_code_hook
    Note right of ament_package: Execute a cmake.in template with variables and a cmake code hook.

> When the *client* package, during its build process, calls the 'rosidl_generate_interfaces' macro, the extensions that were registered for each of the

Reviewer: Please wrap on sentence boundaries. That's our standard for documentation. It makes diffs easier to read.

*generator* packages, get called. Said extensions have the code to generate sources for each of the IDL interfaces. Then, code is added to an artifact
(a library) and dependiences are exported for code to be build and installed.

.. mermaid::

    sequenceDiagram
    participant project_with_rosidl_files
    participant rosidl_generate_interfaces
    participant rosidl_generate_idl_interfaces_HOOK
    participant generate_arguments_file
    participant rosidl_generator
    project_with_rosidl_files->>rosidl_generate_interfaces: path_to_idl_files

>     loop ForEach Hook

Reviewer: It would be good to include information about how many times this will loop.
